Jordan Stein
CSCI 3800 - 001 Web API
Assignment One

I included all headers given from Postman, SOAP-UI, and from loading both the JSON and wsdl files into the Chrome web-browser.

REST Headers 
REST Response:
Header: alt-svc
Value: quic=”:443”; ma = 604800; v=”30,29,28,27,26,25”
Meaning: Alternative services used.

Header: alternate-protocol
Value: 443:quic,p=1
Meaning: alternative protocol. quic stands for Quick UDP Internet Connections. Google uses this to run a stream of multiplexing protocol for transport layer security.

Header: content-encoding
Value: gzip
Meaning: The type of encoding used on the data. gzip is a GNU zip format.

Header: content-length
Value: 6396
Meaning: Content-Length indicates the size of the entity body in the decimal number of octets sent to the recipient.

Header: content-type
Value: application/json; charset=UTF-8
Meaning: The media type of the content. This value states that the file format is application/json and the charset is utf-8.

Header: cache-control
Value: private, max-age=0; must-revalidate, no-transform
Meaning: cache-control determines whether data may be cached from the server to the client.

Header: date
Value: Wed, 10 Feb 2016 04,47,40 GMT
Meaning: date and time when the message was sent.

Header: etag
Value: “3z2GbiG39NRdo416x8jooTTBAqY/AUOjzkyf59h28bC_ciSnR9mmm8”
Meaning: identifies which version of the resource was available.

Header: expires
Value: Wed,10 Feb 2016 04:47:40 GMT
Meaning: date/time of when the response was considered stale.

Header: server
Value: GSE
Meaning: The name of the server. 

Header: status
Value: 304
Meaning: Status code received from the server response. Status codes give different information about the response. The value 304 stands for “not modified”. This means that the response had not changed since the request so there is no need to retransmit the resource.

Header: vary
Value: Origin, X-Origin
Meaning: Vary tells the downstream proxies whether the cached response can be used or if a new fresh response should be transmitted to the client. Origin means that a new response was sent.

Header: x-content-type-options
Value: nosniff
Meaning: “nosniff” prevents the browser from MIME-sniffing a response away from the declared content-type

Header: x-frame-options
Value: SAMEORIGIN
Meaning: protection from “click-jacking”, set to deny which implies that there is no rendering if there is an origin mismatch

Header: x-xss-protection
Value: 1; mode=block
Meaning: Cross-site scripting filter (XSS)


REST Request:
Header: :authority:
Value: www.googleapis.com
Meaning: Determines which website has full authority.

Header: :method:
Value: GET
Meaning: The GET method retrieves information from the given server using a URI. Any request that uses GET should only retrieve data and should not alter any data.

Header: :path:
Value: /books/v1/volumes?q=turing
Meaning: indicates the path of the file being transmitted.

Header: :scheme:
Value: https
Meaning: indicates the scheme that the file is presented.

Header: accept
Value: text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,image/webp,*/*;q=0.8
Meaning: media types that are acceptable.

Header: accept-encoding
Value: gzip, deflate, sdch
Meaning: list of acceptable encoding types for the data.

Header: accept-language
Value: en-US,en;q=0.8
Meaning: restricts the set of natural languages that are preferred as a response to the request.

Header: if-none-match
Value: “3z2GbiG39NRdo416x8jooTTBAqY/AUOjzkyf59h28bC_ciSnR9mmm8”
Meaning: sets a no-cache value.

Header: upgrade-insecure-requests
Value: 1
Meaning: indicates that the browser prefers the security type on the page.

Header: user-agent 
Value: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/48.0.2564.103 Safari/537.36
Meaning: Indicates the software used to request the server.

Header: x-client-data
Value: CKO2yQEIxLbJAQj6icoBCICKygEI/ZXKAQ==
Meaning: Chrome variation header that takes information from the client.





SOAP Headers
SOAP Request:

Header: Accept
Value: text/html, application/xhtml+xml, application/xml ;q=0.9, image/webp, */*,q=0.8
Meaning: media types that are acceptable.

Header: Accept-Encoding
Value: gzip, deflate, sdch
Meaning: list of acceptable encoding types for the data.

Header: Accept-Language
Value: en-US, en; q=0.8
Meaning: restricts the set of natural languages that are preferred as a response to the request.

Header: Cache-Control
Value:  max-age=0
Meaning: cache-control determines whether data may be cached from the server to the client.

Header: Connection
Value: keep-alive
Meaning: Connection header allows the field to specify which options are desired for the particular connection.

Header: Host
Value: www.webservicex.net
Meaning: Name of the website that is hosting the server.

Header: Upgrade-Insecure-Requests
Value: 1
Meaning: indicates that the browser prefers the security type on the page.

Header: User-Agent 
Value: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; CrOS x86_64 7647.73.0) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/48.0.2564.92 Safari/537.36
Meaning: Indicates the software used to request the server.



SOAP Response:

Header: Cache-Control
Value: private, max-age=0
Meaning: cache-control determines whether data may be cached from the server to the client.

Header: Connection
Value: keep-alive
Meaning: Connection header allows the field to specify which options are desired for the particular connection.

Header: Content-Length
Value: 9603
Meaning: Content-Length indicates the size of the entity body in the decimal number of octets sent to the recipient.

Header: Via
Value: 1.1 wsa2-man.ucdenver.pvt:80 (Cisco-WSA/8.8.0-085)
Meaning: Connection used to request the page from the server.

Header: X-AspNet-Version 
Value: 4.0.30319 
Meaning: Version of the ASP.NET used.

Header: Vary
Value: Accept-Encoding
Meaning: Vary: Accept-Encoding tells the browser that there are two cacheable responses of the same resource even if the request header varies.

Header: Date
Value: Tue, 09 Feb 2016 19:30:46 GMT
Meaning: Timestamp of the HTTP request.

Header: #status#
Value: HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Meaning: Status code received from the server response. Status codes give different information about the response. The value 200 OK means that the request has successfully completed without errors.

Header: Content-Encoding
Value: gzip
Meaning: The type of encoding used on the data. gzip is a GNU zip format.

Header: Content-Type
Value: text/xml; charset=utf-8
Meaning: The media type of the content. This value states that the file format is text/xml and the charset is utf-8.

Header: Server
Value: Microsoft -IIS/7.0
Meaning: The name of the server responding to the request.

Header: X-Powered-By
Value: ASP.net
Meaning: Name of company that powers the server.